Doc 1434 Login protection (#143)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/reference/pages/configuration-parameters.adoc

|GSQL.GrpcMessageMaxSizeMB |The maximum size of grpc message request of
gsql |`40`

> |GSQL.LoginLimit.InitialWaitTimeSec|The amount of time in seconds a user has to wait for the subsequent login after the number of successive failed login attempts reaches the initial threshold. | `10`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|GSQL.LoginLimit.InitialWaitTimeSec|The amount of time in seconds a user has to wait for each subsequent login after the number of successive failed login attempts reaches the initial threshold. | `10`
```

> |GSQL.LoginLimit.InitialThreshold |The number of successive failed login attempts since the last successful login to apply the wait time for the subsequent login attempts. Set 0 to disable the rate limiting. | `5`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|GSQL.LoginLimit.InitialThreshold |The number of successive failed login attempts since the last successful login to apply the wait time for subsequent login attempts. Set 0 to disable the rate limiting. | `5`
```

> |GSQL.LoginLimit.SecondaryThreshold | The number of successive failed login attempts after reaching the initial threshold that the wait time will be doubled for every this number of successive failed login attempts afterward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|GSQL.LoginLimit.SecondaryThreshold | After this number of successive failed login attempts after reaching the initial threshold, the wait time will be doubled every this number of continued successive failed login attempts.
```

Author: I used this because this is the original text description in the help text of the product. When we run the script to extract these texts, it will change back anyway
